v14: document quota feature (#939)
inveniosoftware/docs-invenio-rdm: docs/releases/vNext/version-vNext.md

## What's new?

### Empowering users with self-service

> This release includes three new features which allow users to handle tasks which previously required an administrator to accomplish: deleting their records, modifying files of their records and increasing the storage quota for their drafts. All three of these features are opt in, and can be customised to suit your instance's needs.

Reviewer: We haven't officially settled on an English variant for the spelling, but we should to make everything read the same. `customised -> customized`. A middle ground between American English and British English could be Canadian English 😏 bahaha! But seriously, American English has mostly been used so far, so would go with that.

#### Record deletion

You can now allow users to delete, or request deletion of, their own records in accordance with any required criteria you may have. When enabled, the default behaviour is that records can be deleted by their owners within 30 days of publication and record owners can request deletion outside this period. Deletion requests are visible within the admin panel and the user's request dashboard.

![Modal to immediately delete a record](imgs/deletion-modal.png)

This feature is also [highly customisable](../../operate/customize/record_deletion.md)! You can introduce deletion policies based on the resource type, community role, file type or any other criteria you require. Additionally, you can prevent extraneous record deletion by adding a deletion checklist. This allows you to suggest how the user can fix the problem instead of deleting the record.

#### User file modification

> You can also allow users to modify the files of published records in line with your defined policies. By adding the relevant policy, the files can be unlocked by the owner of the record within 30 days and the edits published within 45 days (giving them at least 15 days to upload and publish their changes). See the [relevant documentation](../../operate/customize/file_modification.md) to see how to enable and customize this behaviour.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also allow users to modify the files of published records in line with your defined policies. By adding the relevant policy, the files can be unlocked by the owner of the record within 30 days (by default) and the edits published within 45 days (by default) thus giving them at least 15 days to upload and publish their changes. See the [relevant documentation](../../operate/customize/file_modification.md) to see how to enable and customize this behavior.
```

("customize" here already, eh? 😉 )
